Glowing hot.jpg	Glowing hot	Two small reddy-orange mushrooms. The top of one is shown, and is roughly round and seems red, but has with a short fluffy white material covering the red. Its edge is yellow. Beside that mushroom is a smaller mushroom on its side, with a smooth red dome, yellow rim to the dome, and an orange stalk. The reddy-orange colouring gives the impression that the mushrooms are glowing with heat.
Pacman.jpg	Pacman	The top of a large round red mushroom with white dots on all over it. A 'V' shaped portion is removed from the mushroom at its right side, such that the mushroom looks symbolically similar to a Pacman travelling to the right.
Pile of Pancakes.jpg	Pile of Pancakes	Top-down view of around 15 round flat mushrooms. The mushrooms are light brown, with darker brown middles.
The Brain.jpg	The Brain	The top of a large round mushroom, with an irregular circumference. It seems to have dried out leaving many raised angular brown islands on its surface, and lighter brown canyons running around these raised islands. These raised separated areas somewhat resemble the surface of a brain.
The Cornish Pasty.jpg	The Cornish Pasty	Top-down view of a large light-brown mushroom attached to the base of a tree. The mushroom is semi-circular, with the long edge in the air rumbled like the seal of a Cornish pasty.
The Funnel.jpg	The Funnel	Side view of a large brown mushroom which fans out from its stalk to form a large inverted cone. The prominent gills of the mushroom cover the outside of the mushroom cone.
The Seashell.jpg	The Seashell	Side view of a small whitish smooth dome-shaped mushroom on a light green stalk. The rim of the dome is a darker grey, and is ridged in a similar fashion to that of the rim of some seashells.
The Yorkshire Pudding.jpg	The Yorkshire Pudding	The top of a large round brownish mushroom. The colour is uneven and ranges brown to a brownish-yellow. The outer rim of the mushroom is raised. The colour and shape of the mushroom, combined with the fact that it seems rather dried out, gives it a similar look to a deflated Yorkshire pudding.
